Fix mvn warnings (#10909)
apache/cloudstack: tools/marvin/README.md

# Marvin

> Marvin is the Apache CloudStack python client written around the unittest framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marvin is the Apache CloudStack Python client written around the unittest framework.
```

> Marvin is the Apache CloudStack python client written around the unittest framework.

Author: ```suggestion
Marvin is the Apache CloudStack Python client written for running smoke tests.
```
